What can we learn from shortcuts?

When we're designing new  products, services or businesses,  the only time you'll
know if they're any  good, if the designs  are good, is to  see how they're used
 in the real world, in context.  I'm reminded of that every time I walk  past 
 Highbury Fields in north London. It's absolutely  beautiful.
There's a big  open green space.   There's Georgian buildings  around the side.  
But then there's  this mud trap  that  cuts across the middle. People clearly 
don't want to walk all  the  way around the edge. Instead,  they want to take 
the shortcut,  and that shortcut is self-reinforcing. Now,  this shortcut  is 
called a desire   path, and it's often  the  path of least  resistance. I  find 
them  fascinating, because they're  often the point where design and user 
experience diverge. Now at this point, I should  apologize,  because you guys are 
going to start seeing  these everywhere.  But today, I'm going to pick  three  I 
find interesting and share  what actually it reminds me  about launching new 
products  and  services. The first is in  the capital city of Brazil --   Brasilia. 
And it reminds me  that sometimes, you have to  just focus on designing  for a real 
need at low  friction. Now, Brasilia is fascinating. It was  designed by Niemeyer 
in the '50s. It was the  golden age  of flying, so he laid it out like a plane,  
as you  can see there. Slightly worryingly, he put most  of the important government 
buildings in  the  cockpit. But if you zoom in,  in the very center of  Brasilia, 
just where the point is there,  you see it's littered with desire paths. They're 
absolutely everywhere. Now, they thought that they had future-proofed this design. 
They thought in the future we wouldn't need to walk anywhere -- we'd be able to 
drive -- so there was little need for walkways or pavements. But as you can see, 
there's a real need. These are very dangerous desire paths. If we just pick one, 
in the middle, you can see it crosses 15 lanes of traffic. It won't surprise you 
guys that Brasilia has five times the pedestrian accident rate of your average US 
city. People are resourceful. They'll always find the low-friction route to save 
money, save time.